---
title: "Our team"
date: "2018-08-22"
menu: "main"
cover_image: "images/team.jpg"
---

**Marie-Pier Dinel**

*President*

Marie-Pier is a master's candidate in chemistry in the group of Prof.
Jean-François Masson. She specializes in the development of medical biosensors
using surface plasmon resonance spectroscopy.

[LinkedIn](//linkedin.com/in/marie-pier-dinel-677658b9)
[Twitter](//twitter.com/MPDinel)

---

**Jean-Antoine Gauthier Cyr**

*VP Technology*

Jean-Antoine graduated from the University of Montreal with a Bachelor's degree
in Chemistry and is now a Chemical Engineering student at Polytechnique.

[LinkedIn](//linkedin.com/in/jean-antoine-gauthier-cyr-8904b6134)

---

**Antoine Nkaye**

*VP Entrepreneurship*

Antoine is completing a certificate leading to the CPA / CFA profession at HEC
Montréal. He also holds a degree in Finance and Economics from the Université du
Québec à Montréal.

[LinkedIn](//linkedin.com/in/antoine-nkaye-5bbb438b)

---

**Godefroy Borduas**

*Technology Member*

Godefroy has two bachelor's degrees in physics and computer science as well as
physics and mathematics. He is President and CEO of Keymagination Studio.

[LinkedIn](//linkedin.com/in/godefroy-borduas-a798bba3)

---

**Elizabeth Elder**

*Science Member*

Elizabeth is a bachelor student in biochemistry and molecular medicine. She has
completed several internships in biosensor development and at the medical
research center at CHU Sainte-Justine.

[LinkedIn](//linkedin.com/in/elizabeth-elder-11010171)

---

**Frédéric Fournelle**

*Science Member*

Frédéric graduated with a bachelor's degree in chemistry and continued his
studies in the group of Pr. Pierre Chaurand specialized in mass spectrometry. As
part of his bachelor's degree, he completed a student exchange at the Free
University of Brussels.

---

**Laurianne Gravel Tatta**

*Science Member*

Laurianne graduated with a Bachelor's degree in Chemistry and continues her
studies in the group of Prof. Antonella Badia specializing in surface chemistry.

[LinkedIn](//ca.linkedin.com/in/laurianne-gravel-tatta-91880a131)

---

**Zoubaire Moustaine**

*Technology Member - Microfluidics Specialist*

Zoubaire graduated in biomedical engineering from Polytechnique. He also did an
internship at Tokyo Medical and Dental University.

[LinkedIn](//linkedin.com/in/zoubaire-moustaine-68b376b2)

---

**Abdelhakim Qbaich**

*Technology Member - Programming Specialist*

Abdelhakim is a undergraduate student in computer science.

---

**Madline Sauvage**

*VP Sciences*

This is Madline, VP of BiosensUM scientific team. In the team, Madline is realy
involed in the laboratory and performed a lot of analyses for the development of
the biosensor. As a VP science team leader, she makes sure that we archive our
goal and develop a powerful biosensor.

She is in the first year of her Ph.D. in Molecular Biology at IRIC on University
of Montreal Campus where she leads two projects related to breast cancer and the
development of biosensors for the diagnosis and monitoring of this cancer. In
addition to enjoying partying, Madline also likes barbecues with friends but
also practice extreme sports such as bicycling in Montreal.

---

**Pr. Jean-François Masson**

*Supervisor*

Pr. Masson is a full professor in the Department of Chemistry at the Université
de Montréal. He specializes in the development of analytical instruments,
biosensing with plasmonic materials and direct detection using biofluids.

[LinkedIn](//linkedin.com/in/jean-francois-masson-5071181a)
[Twitter](//twitter.com/Masson_chem)
[Site web](//sprbiosensors.com)
